Problem Statement - Anime Rating Case Study (Part 2)
Context
Streamist is a streaming company that streams web series and movies for a worldwide audience. Every content on their portal is rated by the viewers, and the portal also provides other information for the content like the number of people who have watched it, the number of people who want to watch it, the number of episodes, duration of an episode, etc.

They are currently focusing on the anime available in their portal, and want to identify the most important factors involved in rating an anime. You as a data scientist at Streamist are tasked with identifying the important factors and building a predictive model to predict the rating on an anime.


Objective
To preprocess the raw data, analyze it, and build a linear regression model to predict the ratings of anime.


Key Questions
What are the key factors influencing the rating of an anime?
Is there a good predictive model for the rating of an anime? What does the performance assessment look like for such a model?


Data Information
Each record in the database provides a description of an anime. A detailed data dictionary can be found below.

Data Dictionary
title - the title of anime
mediaType - format of publication
eps - number of episodes (movies are considered 1 episode)
duration - duration of an episode
ongoing - whether it is ongoing
startYr - year that airing started
finishYr - year that airing finished
sznOfRelease - the season of release (Winter, Spring, Fall)
description - the synopsis of the plot
studios - studios responsible for creation
tags - tags, genres, etc.
contentWarn - content warning
watched - number of users that completed it
watching - number of users that are watching it
wantWatch - number of users that want to watch it
dropped - number of users that dropped it before completion
rating - average user rating
votes - number of votes that contribute to rating


Learning Outcomes
Data Preprocessing
Exploratory Data Analysis
Data Preprocessing
Preparing the data to train a model
Training a regression model
Model evaluation
Forward Feature Selection
